hi and welcome to the first video of how
to fly a quadcopter in this video we're
just going over basic hovering but in
later videos I'm actually going to be
showing you how to do 3d flying so
before we get started there's a few
things that you should and should not do
so you want to go to a park or somewhere
with a big grassy field and open space
you want to fly in the morning when
there's no wind and there's no Sun to
get in your face you don't want to fly
with any distractions so like music or
no texting and flying and the last thing
is don't fly with any people objects or
animals around you so first we're going
to check and see if all of our controls
are working properly so a lot of times
when people are building their first
quadcopter they'll get about three
inches off the ground and the whole
thing will either flip over or start
rotating uncontrollably most of the time
is because their gyros are reversed if
this is the case in any direction it
makes will actually be increasing the
problem causing it to flip over or keep
rotating more and more and more so
basically what you want to do is just go
up to about 10% throttle and then move
all your controls around just to make
sure everything's working so now we're
ready to slide around
it's basically what we're going to do is
just keep slowly increasing the throttle
until we're about an inch off the ground
and then just screw it around to kind of
get a feel for how sensitive the
controls are
if you feel like you're drifting way too
fast all you have to do is throttle down
it's a lot better than trying to correct
and crashing
also if you end up landing extremely
close to something just pick the copter
up and place it back where it was
because most likely if you weren't able
to keep it away from whatever it is that
you're flying into you're not going to
be able to get it back so now we're
ready to go a little bit higher so again
we're just going to raise it all up
until we get about two or three feet off
the ground and actually once you get up
there it's easier to fly then on the
ground because there's less turbulence
okay so now that you're actually able to
hover around without drifting into
anything we can go ahead and start
learning how to hop around so basically
we're just going to pick two targets
like this spot of oil and then also over
here this tire mark and we're just going
to keep going back and forth and try to
land on the target basically what this
is doing is it's improving in
maneuvering skills and also your landing
skills now we're going to learn
orientation to do this first we're going
to rotate the quad to the ten o'clock
position and then we're just going to
try to hover therefore as long as you
can
and then we're going to be the same
thing for the two of box position
now we can move all the way over to nine
and although it doesn't really seem like
it it's a lot harder than ten
you
and then we're also going to do the same
thing obviously for three
so now we're going to do what's called
nose in hovering so we're going to pick
the quad up and rotate it so that it's
facing towards us so now right we'll be
left and backwards will be forwards so
this is probably going to be extremely
hard at first but one way to think about
it is it's kind of like balancing a
stick whichever way the stick is falling
that's the direction that your hand
needs to go in order to balance the
stick directly and again if you're
drifting into something just pick the
copter up and put it back where it needs
to go so now it's time to go a little
bit higher again and just like before
once you get just three feet off the
ground everything becomes a lot of you
here now we're going to be hopping to
different targets again now this is
going to be extremely hard and even
people who aren't beginners are going to
have a hard time doing this so just take
your time
so now you're almost there really all
you need to work on now is your sevens
and then your five and then everything
else in between will pretty much just
feeling flying a quadcopter is not easy
but as long as you practice on the
maneuvers that you're not good at and
you keep doing that every day you'll be
a lot better at flying in no time